[terrified screams]
Oh, c'mon.
Are you k-kidding me?
Deroline: W-Why is
there a monster here?!
What are you, an amateur?
The Dark King sent me.
I'm here to keep you humans
from freezing it. So...
[screeching]
I wouldn't be so
sure about that.
Matoriv: No time for
the whole song and dance...
Here's the short version:
get lost, buddy.
[shrieking]
Brother?
Hey. Well, that's a surprise.
You're still alive after all.
Haven't seen you
since you ran away from
our old master with
your tail between your legs.
[wheezing]
You all right?
We're too late!
It's gonna blow!
Masopho... You're going
to have to do this.
Came here to save
the world, didn't you?
But... my magic is
nothing next to yours.
Matoriv: There's no
running away this time.
Once the world disappears,
there'll be nowhere to go.
If you want to call
yourself a man...
then for once in
your life, Masopho...
try being a true hero. For me.
What are you waiting
for, you old coot?!
This is our chance!
Deroline: The world's
counting on us.
We'll give you a hand.
Cast the spell!
I'm not nearly rich
enough to go yet -
so make it snappy!
Of all the things
you could wish for,
this is the "miracle"
you waste it on?
The Tear of the Gods
may have united
the world for you...
but it's meaningless now!
True Vearn:
You're out of time.
United or not,
the Cores will detonate!
Here we go!
This is it!
All: All together...
Please work!
[battle cries]
True Vearn: Nothing...
What happened?!
What have you done?!
Masopho: It stopped.
We did it!
D-Did you see that?!
Both: We did it!
[relieved tears]
Heroh Heroh: Lemme in!
[cheering]
My word...
Extraordinary!
They've really done it!
The sky...
It's shining like pure gold!
Leona: Do you... Do you
think it could be...
Popp: It's him.
It's Gomechan...
It must be how the
little guy's saying
goodbye to everybody.
Bye, Gomechan...
Popp [thought]: I... I don't
want to say it, but...
So long, my friend.
It won't be the
same without you.
[sobbing]
Maam [thought]: I wish
I could be there...
to hold you one more time...
Even if it's only...
until you disappear...
At least that way,
I could tell you how much
I'm going to miss you.
Dai [thought]: Gomechan...
This isn't goodbye, okay?
When you come back
from the heavens and
become the Tear of
the Gods again,
even if you don't
remember me,
I'll never forget you...
I promise...
Wherever you reincarnate,
I'll find you again.
And when I do...
I swear I'll make the same
wish I did when I was little.
I'll wish for you
to be my friend...
For you to get your
memories back, too!
Then we can...
We can pick up right
where we left off.
This is goodbye...
But just for now!
[joyous chirp]
There you go, Vearn.
It's all over. You're beaten.
Dai: You told us
the destruction of
the Surface World
was inevitable,
but the world's still here.
We proved you wrong.
Those human bonds
you laughed at?
In the end,
they wound up being
the key to a great miracle.
Even you can see that now.
Dai: Accept it, you're done.
No matter what you try next,
you won't destroy
the Surface World!
H-Hey! What's wrong,
Mister Dark King?!
Popp: Cat got your tongue?
What? Are you a sore loser?
True Vearn: Of course
not. I do apologize.
I was merely taking
a moment to think.
Very well, then. I suppose
there's no denying it.
The power of human
bonds has beaten me.
What a terrifying marvel.
It's hard to believe,
but I accept it. I've lost.
True Vearn: Though
I must also say,
you've left me
rather confused.
How could it be that...
you can possess such
incredible power...
and only think to use it for
such frivolous purposes?
Perhaps...
the reason you waste
such a gift on
pointless things is...
the gift terrifies
you as well.
You know the mind of mortals
better than anyone, Popp...
What do you think?
Please, enlighten me.
I simply must know...
Before I abandon hope...
and slaughter
the three of you.
True Vearn: I'll
rid myself of you
infuriating children
here and now...
Before you can strike again.
Then, I'll simply
carry on and
detonate the Core below us.
Even if that fails,
and I have to start from
scratch, human lives are short.
I, on the other hand,
can live forever.
True Vearn: You wished
for the wrong miracle.
You risked your lives...
to make this one happen...
But ultimately,
you've won nothing more
than a small amount time.
So long as I
have eternal life,
however you try to foil me,
your efforts are little
more than self-preservation.
That's what I simply
don't understand.
I can't see why humans
even want to go on
with their pointless
achievements.
In the end, they'll
all be forgotten.
True Vearn: Welcome...
To your annihilation!
The bloodline of the Dragon
Knights will be cut short,
and the mightiest warriors of
the Surface World will fall!
Your end is nigh.
Soon after, the decimation
of the surface world
will begin again, with vigor.
And this time,
there won't be anyone
left to stand in my way.
[evil laughter]
True Vearn: I can see you're
finally beginning to realize...
just how different
the scale I'm working on
is compared to yours.
You've proven humans
are impressive creatures,
wielding unimaginable
perseverance.
For what it's worth,
you weren't wrong.
Your final moments
have been beautiful.
Like a brilliant flash!
No... We actually pulled
off a miracle here...
And after all that,
he still gets to win?
There's no way this
can be how it ends.
No way!
Dai [thought]: We can't
let this happen.
Whatever it takes...
Gomechan's sacrifice,
his final gift...
We can't let it all
have been for nothing!
I'm not just
gonna stand here.
There's gotta be a way.
Think, Dai. Think!
Even if it's a long shot...
If there's a chance of
saving everybody's future,
I can't let them down.
Dai [thought]:
There is one way...
Well... maybe we
can't beat him twice,
but that doesn't
mean we can't keep
being a pain in his neck.
You with me, Princess?
Oh, I'm with you.
You truly can't help
yourself, can you?
Dai: Leona, Popp...
Gather all the jewels - now.
-Leona: Huh?
-Popp: What?
Wait, why?
Just do it! Please, hurry!
All right. On it.
Popp: Okay...
That's all eight,
like you asked.
So, uh... What now?
Hold onto them
and keep them safe.
Find someplace to take cover.
Take cover?
Dai: I might not be able
to control what happens next.
Dai: There's one
last thing I want to try.
Something truly terrible...
Something Vearn doesn't
have any hope of beating.
But it scares me. That's why
I've never used it before.
When I do, I don't
know what'll happen,
and I'm not sure I'll
be able to stop it...
so first I need to
know everybody's safe.
And that means...
You'd better get
as far away from
Vearn Palace as you can.
What are you talking about?
We're trapped in here.
As long as Vearn's standing,
the field is, too.
Dai: Don't worry
about the field.
If I wind up being
right about this,
by the time you get outside,
it'll be long gone.
Dai: Because Vearn...
won't be standing.
True Vearn: Spare me
your hollow threats.
No matter what arrangement
you three attack me in,
I won't be taken down.
You can't win.
Not the three of us.
Dai: With this, I can
bring you down alone!
Two Dragon Crests...
are you sure?
Do you really insist
on fighting by yourself?
All the better
for me, I suppose.
That makes my victory
even more certain.
Dai: No, there's still a way.
My last resort.
See... I haven't unleashed
the full power of
my Twin Dragon Crests.
True Vearn: [laughing]
Surely you're joking.
Do you actually
mean to say...
that you haven't been
fighting at full strength?
[delighted laughter]
Not quite - I fought
with everything I had.
At least... as much
as I can without
turning into something
else entirely.
But as you know,
a Dragon Knight...
can take it one step further.
True Vearn [thought]:
The Dragonoid.
Dai: I can... I can tell.
I started feeling it while
you and I were fighting.
I figure if I'm using
my Crest at ten...
then the Crest Dad gave me
is likely only working
at maybe three or four.
I'm not really sure why
it didn't go any further.
Dai: I'm guessing
my body's been
restricting the
energy it's using...
Survival instincts kicked in.
Either way, it's
maintaining a level
that I can wield
without losing myself.
But if I push through that,
and willingly unleash
both Crests at full power...
I might not
come back from it,
but my strength
should be unstoppable.
Dai: I will become
the Dragonoid.
No, don't do it!
You can't, Dai.
Not if it... Not if it means
you won't be yourself anymore.
Haven't we already
lost enough?
Dai: I know. It's not
what I wanted either.
I'm scared.
I've got no idea what
form I'm about to take...
And there's no
way of knowing...
if I can change back
after defeating Vearn...
the way Dad could.
What I wanted was for
us to win together.
Since I was little,
I wished that I
would become a Hero,
fighting for peace and
protecting the human world.
Not to become...
something that
isn't who I am.
I don't want to let
myself become a monster.
But... But...
To let the future of the whole
world be crushed instead...
That... That's even worse!
Popp, I have to...
Y-You... You're an idiot.
Even now. After getting
all the way here.
You're going to...
You're going to protect
us and the world.
Even if it costs...
e-everything?
You're willing to...
to cast aside your own
future to pull it off?
Promise me something, okay?
No matter what I become,
don't be shocked.
Popp: As if!
Popp: I'd see you
through to the end,
even if you turned out
uglier than Zaboera.
I promise.
Besides, no matter
what you look like,
you'll always be you, pal.
Leona: Yes.
You'll always be our Dai.
Thank you.
Both: [screaming]
Dai: Popp! Leona!
True Vearn: [laughing]
Why, isn't that a pity.
They'll have to miss
your last brave stand.
I'm sure they
wanted to see it...
But from the depths of
the palace, they won't hear.
[mocking laughter]
Oh, are you angry?
Unleash your fury.
If you truly possess this
power you've been boasting of -
go ahead and punish me.
[cackling]
Dai: In that case...
I hope you're truly ready.
Dai: First, I'll move my
Crest back to my forehead.
And then... I'll move
Dad's Crest there, too.
Soon... They'll
become one within me!
[mighty roar]
W-What a f-fearsome Aura...
You're a monster!
Dai: Yeah.
We're both monsters, Vearn...
Only... I'm worse than you.
I'll slash you to ribbons,
you mindless creature!
Calamitous...
End!
[pained groan]
[furious howl]
[terrifying howl]
True Vearn [thought]:
This isn't...
This isn't coming
from Dai at all.
Those beast-like eyes are
his father's. It's Baran!
Dai: Power is justice, right?
You've been telling me that
ever since the beginning.
[roaring]
Dai: So does this...
Does this feel... like
justice to you, Dark King?
Because it doesn't to me!
Dai: Haven't you learned yet
that there's always someone
out there who's stronger -
with a power greater
than your own?!
Dai: This is
just getting even.
You've got every
bit of it coming...
But there's no way...
This isn't justice.
It can't be justice!
True Vearn [thought]: There's
no question about those eyes.
They're filled with
what Dai lacked,
but Baran had in spades...
That thirst for vengeance.
That bloodlust!
Nevertheless...
I won't lose again! Failure
cannot be allowed!
True Vearn: I am the
mighty Dark King Vearn!
Now perish!
[roaring]
Narrator: With his
Twin Dragon Crests alight,
Dai launches a ruthless
assault on Vearn,
unleashing the full fury
of his Dragonoid form...
But the Dark King has one
last surprise of his own.
Next time on
Dragon Quest;
The Adventure of Dai,
"Victory by These Hands".